Added troubleshooting points and clarified SERVER_URL (#17)
marianopolis/msu-frontend: README.md

SERVER_URL="<url to backend server>"
```

If running the Flask backend in parallel with the frontend, the backend URL is
`http://<IP address>:5000` 

> The IP address can be accessed by the `ifconfig` command for Unix or with `ipconfig`

Reviewer: Not only is `ifconfig` on Linux deprecated (you would use `ip route` on Linux) but is Linux specific and has nothing to do with "Unix". Since information is very platform specific, I would just say "devices on the local network can access the server using its local IP address". Those who aren't aware of how to find the local IP address can just look it up.

Author: Resolved in the following commit

for Windows. The IP address should look similar to `192.168.x.y` where `x` and `y` 
are numbers.

> 

Reviewer: Same here, not all networks use `192.168.*.*` -- some use `10.0.*.*` for example. Saying `x` and `y` are numbers is also redundant, since you can assume most people would know that IPv4 addresses consist of four numbers.

Author: I wanted to use 192.168.x.y as an example IP address if someone might be unfamiliar or not sure how it should look like

Author: Resolved in the following commit

Finally, in another terminal run `npm run android` or `npm run ios`.

If running `npm run android` for the first time, be sure Internet is 
enabled on the computer as this command installs gradle in the 
local repository.

## Frequent Debugging Issues

* (For Android devices only) if device not detected or can't install
app, enable debugging mode.
* (For Android devices only) ensure Android operating system is
5 or over for `adb` to function.
* (For Android devices only) if error message is ambiguous for 
command `npm run android`, do `npm run android --verbose` for a more
verbose error message
run 
* If command not found in terminal, ensure environment variables
and paths are correctly configured.

> * If app on mobile device cannot connect to a localhost backend, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If app on mobile device cannot connect to a server on the local network, 
```

ensure mobile device's Wifi network is the same as the computer

> where localhost is running.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
where the server is running.
```

Finally, in another terminal run `npm run android` or `npm run ios`.

If running `npm run android` for the first time, be sure Internet is 
enabled on the computer as this command installs gradle in the 
local repository.

## Frequent Debugging Issues

* (For Android devices only) if device not detected or can't install
app, enable debugging mode.
* (For Android devices only) ensure Android operating system is
5 or over for `adb` to function.
* (For Android devices only) if error message is ambiguous for 
command `npm run android`, do `npm run android --verbose` for a more
verbose error message
run 
* If command not found in terminal, ensure environment variables
and paths are correctly configured.
* If app on mobile device cannot connect to a localhost backend, 
ensure mobile device's Wifi network is the same as the computer
where localhost is running.
* If `npm start` crashes in the terminal, retry running `npm start`.

## Versioning

Versions are managed using
[react-native-version](https://github.com/stovmascript/react-native-version)
and follow [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/).

Before publishing a new version of the app, make sure to update the

> version, minor for feature additions and patch (set if changes) 

Reviewer: Not sure what this means.

Author: I had a typo: I mean patch (which means set of changes), but as you mentioned somewhere else a developer could look up the definition of patch if unfamiliar

Author: Resolved in the following commit
